Namaste everyone. So today is a very auspicious day. Narima also march in chinamasta praati das and just let me know if you all can hear me okay see me okay before we begin harri yes uh is okay right please let me know if everything's Okay, the bus and just let me know if you all can hear me. Okay, see me. Okay, before we begin, okay. Yes. >> Okay. I think all >> everything's okay. Just give me one minute. Okay. Please let me know if everything's okay. D your screen looks >> uh Jar everyone can you all see me hear me? >> Yes de >> okay cool. Uh so um April was a very significant month. We had plenty of festivals uh plenty of transits and very significant ones at that. Um Axel Trita was in April which was a very very important day for all of us. Um and May uh Selva will tell you now that he will come on online and tell let us know what May uh holds for us because there seems to be a lot of important days important transits that are coming up in May. Um and um just before we begin I would like to invoke Shri Ganesh and Guru our guru. So let me uh just take a few minutes for that. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! Ganeshwara Guru. Now that we are done with the invocations, I would like to invite Selva to present the predictions for May 2026. Uh we have quite a few um exciting transits, exciting predictions. Um do tell us if uh April was good for you. April was um all the predictions at least some of the predictions came true or not. Please do let us know in the comments. >> So Silva >> Yes D. >> Yeah. >> So shall we begin? >> Yes. Absolutely. >> Right. Right. Right. So hello everyone. So after the month of April, we are meeting for for the month of May prediction. So let's quickly see what is in for the month of May. Right. Uh I'm sharing my screen. Just give me a second. Okay. Is this visible? Right. Okay. So, we have successfully wasted four months of this 2026 and we are now in the month of May. Right. Okay. So, this is agenda we are going to cover. It's the same thing as usual. And uh yes, our sponsor is astro app. I need to tell about them. It's a pure vic astrology based astro app. uh it's unlike any other astro outside it has remedies and I mean remedies like other apps also has remedies but the unique unique thing about here is you can follow those remedies you can you know habitualize those remedies so that is a very good thing about this astro app it is not only about uh you know uh prescribing but also taking action and taking action is being uh you know uh as it right. Good. Now let's quickly jump on to today's uh things in line. First of all, what are the major planetary transits uh for this month of May? Obvious sun is always moving each and every day, right? Uh I mean uh each month, right? So by the month by May 15th, he'll be jumping to Rishabarashi. Okay? By 11th of May, Mars will be moving to Taurus. Okay. And uh Mercury will be uh okay, Mercury tagging along with Surya. He will be uh moving to Ishabarashi by May 15th. Okay, Venus is already there, right? Venus is already there in Rishabarashi. So, she will be moving to Gemini or Mitunarashi by May 14th. So, when all these guys are coming here, she will be moving to Mitnarashi. Okay. By May 17 one important transit is happening that is nakhatra based transit. So Saturn will be transiting from transiting to raati nakhatra of the 27 nakhatra scheme the very last nakhatra 27th nakhatraati. So this is going to be very impactful uh impactful yes and we are going to have a detailed write up about this uh Saturn transit in Raati nakhatra you can check in our app right okay so u if you see all these planetary transits now one thing it is becoming clear rishavarashi is getting weightage okay the second House of the Kalakurusha the natural second house as well as from there where these grahas are aspecting they are aspecting on prarashi the 8th house of kalakusha okay right now let's move on to today's presentation so for the month what are the planets what are the houses or what are the signs that is going to gain weightage it is rishabarashi and vitriashi having told that let's move on to this month's prediction. Oh yeah festivals very importantly tomorrow is Chitra pami May one chitra pami or purima so uh just now we completed the 12 month pima cycle right so this is like the first punima in the new year so it is very much uh celebrated in south also throughout India it is considered as you know chitra gupta rewrites or uh revise izes or reduce your records of puna and papa on this day. So it is a so it is a very very good day to worship uh chitra gupta on this day why it is called chitra because moon is forming pamiti on top of chitra nakhatra okay right between May 4 to 28 it's a nakhatra nakhatra is nothing but the heat will increase because sun will be traveling in between you know uh strong heat oriented nakhatras from bini till kitika nakhatra So and a little bit of roini. So this is called this this entire sphere of travel is oriented with the heat sensit. Okay. That is why when wherever this sun transits it tends to exhibit or channel the nakhatras property. That is why it's called as nakhatra. So the heat will be right. Mother's day shianti may 16th we celebrate shani jayanti. Uh yes, Ganga Bay coming normal. Okay. Right. Having said that before moving on uh be prepared or uh be aware know your moon sign. If you don't it's very simple. Download our app uh create your hundli and find where is your in which sign it is that is your janar rashi. Say for example if you find moon in rishabara rishaba the sign of rishaba or taurus that means uh in your from your nal chart if you're finding that means then rishabarashi is your genarashi understood right now moving on yes measurashi predictions so what I have done is um I have segregated the entire month into three phases. Phase one, phase two and phase three. Phase one is between 1st of May to 11th of May and uh 11th to 25th, 25th to 30th. Okay. So, uh whatever has been said under phase one will be applicable only under phase one. Whatever has been told under phase two was only applicable under phase two. Likewise, phase three. Right. Okay. Having the clarity, let's move on. So, Shukra is traveling in your second house and shi is also aspecting your second house. So, what what could what what are all the things that can be expected things related to family matter, finances and values. Okay. One important point can happen. Okay. uh have have little bit of mindfulness over there. You can you know there are quite a number of banks bank accounts which we have opened but forgotten. Some transactions which you have performed in the past where we need to get the refund or whatever it is some past money related financial transaction can come into spotlight. Revisit a past investment or reconnect emotionally with someone. Can be a family member or a a member who has you know long been forgotten or coming from the you know distance or whatever it might be. Reconnect with a family member after a long time. These things have good possibilities. Bank balance improves, money flow increases, visiting in-laws more dental care I hope people I mean like Masarashi people by this time can have dental issues. Okay. Maybe from the past one month till Shukra exits the shabarashi. People who are you know planning for braces they can okay dental issues will be there right going out with family for a nice meal. Yes, these things are good. Right now, moving on to phase two. For certain slides, I have added the emoji just to summarize how how it can be right. Conversation may become direct or even confrontational. Speculation speculation related activity can come up. Romantic situations can turn out into ego clashes. Okay. You may have to face something you have been avoiding. Things which has been postponed in the past can come into spotlight. Now remember this is from 11th to 25th. Okay. Hidden truths or secrets may come out. Communication can be a mix of speed and harsh words. Understood? That means impulsively you can talk uh you can you know uh some harsh words can come at first followed by some sweet words to consume. So be very mindful about what you are talking okay because two ashadas are gaining uh strength over your second house that is sun as well as Saturn's aspect. Okay, that is why I have written this point down. Phase three. So, the emoji has turned somewhat good, right? So, this is a great time to renovate or decorate your home. Your mother will be very supportive right now. Okay? If you have been planning to buy a new book or home based appliances, now is a good time to do it. Okay? uh replace AC, replace washing machine, uh any home based appliances, replace or buy uh mix TV. This is a good time. Okay. You might find yourself overthinking or feeling a bit anxious. That is also there. Okay. Yeah, that is also there. Now, moving forward to summary of the month. A month focused on family, money and uh you know uh starting with emotional and financial these things and intense truth and ending with search for peace. Fine. Good. Not bad. Not bad. Narashi not bad. Taurus raarashi you please read the phase one there. There is a section which I have added as practical events. It is nothing but it is this phase one. Uh what is practical events is like how it can turn out into an event real life example. Okay. Spending time alone or going on a short retreat or travel. Okay. Investing in selfcare. It's all about you. Okay. Rishabarashi it's all about you. Unexpected expenses. Deep conversation with partner about future emotional things. Okay. Right. Phase two, Rishabarashi. The second house connects with fourth house. Okay. Discussion or minor conflicts at the home. Family decision. Property respon uh about property or uh responsibilities. Okay. Rearranging home. shifting place. Okay. Focusing on comfort or luxury items, wanting personal space even while being around family, right? Disagreement with partner due to family involvement. All these things can happen in the second phase. Okay. Right. Phase three. This emoji indicates somewhat good is going to happen. So, starting a new initiative. Actually it's a good it's a good uh last few days or five to six days more calls meetings and presentation short trips with siblings friends or for work taking bold steps you are hesitating earlier okay this is somewhat a good phase to summary May pushes not that maybe May the month of May pushes you to release emotional baggage redefine relationships and step into a confident action Fine. Okay. Good. Risharashi is escaped this month. Gemini Mitunar Rashi. This phase is all about gains, bases, expenses. Like at one hand things may be seen seemed to be coming. At another hand there is already a uh you know event created for the expenses. Money may come but also go victory. Okay. Right. What what are all the practical points? See, I'm leaving the this section for you to read because you can connect with it better. Practical events is something like what I predicted based on what what is likely to happen. Okay. Spending on travel or subscription or luxury items. Okay. Hospitals, medical expenses. Okay. taking a break from social media or friends or even orphans. Okay. Working quietly behind the scenes without recognition. Paying of debts or clearing dues. Say for example, if you if you're paying some EMIs, you can pay the double EMI this some home loan based EMA means you can pay a little more, right? Okay. So this is phase one for you Gemini. Phase two what it holds? Work pressure increases. Okay. Deadlines, targets, competition. Competition in work space. Arguments with colleagues. Okay. Starting a new routine. Gym discipline. Skill learning. Short trips for works or urgent task. taking bold steps despite mental fatigue. Okay. Right. So it's all about making yourself you know uh equip with for an actionoriented mid midphase. Okay. Right. Third phase that is between 25th to 31. 31st week planning budget or cutting unnecessary expenses. Family discussions about money, spending on family needs or responsibility, realizing where money is leaking and fixing it. Okay, it's more often about money for Gemini. Overall, May pushes you to release excess, act with discipline, and gain financial clarity. The second phase is about act with discipline. Okay. Right. Coming to karash the fourth sign of kalush being phase one. So for karashi shi in 9inth house has been testing them for a long time now but this month is going to be a slightly release. Okay. Getting recognition or incentives at work even if delayed. Meeting influential people or expanding network. Starting a creative project or hobby. Attraction or connection with someone through social circle. It can be an inspiration also. Okay. Right. Spending time with children or planning something for so all good thing in the first place. or perkarash. Now in the second phase income and finance gets the spotlight and it's in a good way in a good way. Okay. Desire to be recognized for your talents is there. Taking risk in investment or speculation wanting appreciation for your efforts are creating receiving income bonus. Clearing pending payments everything good with regard to finance. Right. Phase three. This also has a good smiling emoji. Taking leadership or initiatives at work. Becoming more socially active or visible. Rebranding yourself. Okay. Achieving a goal you have been working towards. Now everything for Karachi seems to be good. Right? Now here is a catch. If your dashabti isn't good, okay? much of this transit thing won't be able to express that much effectively. But if your dashabti is good, this will add volume. This good transit will add volume to the already existing good events. All these things or more often more of these uh events can come into spotlight. Fine. Karashi, good excellent month for you. Overall may helps you turn efforts into gains and steps step step into your personal out right. Shimarashi if for katakarashi uh shani in 9inth house is testing for simarashi it is in their eighth house testing their health is testing the relationship okay testing father's health testing the relationship with father government related challenges these are like ongoing trend Okay, let's see what this month has got. Right. During the first phase that is between May 1 to 11, work responsibility increases. Guidance from mentor, boss or father like figure becomes important. Okay. Need for discipline and consistency is stressed. So how it can turn it into a practical practical event? taking on a new responsibility or role at work will be uh will be a crucial thing or you will be pushed to take a thing discussion with boss or mentor about long-term direction if you are in a strategic role okay you you may discuss with your uh superior how to go about with the long-term okay work pressure affecting work pressure may be affecting your home piece spending on home comfort working from home or thinking about relocation. Now for Shimarashi it's all about work. So it is going to be a head take month work in the sense like it is going to be uh everything about career work. Okay. Right. Great job. Between May 11 to May 25th uh 15 is written wrongly. Taking bold stand at workplace and recognition or visibility increases. argument at home due to work priorities and feeling and doing so much but not fully at peace. Wanting independent in decisions career also personal also. Now uh this is a month where career related events or action will be interested on you forced on you. If in your natal chart also you are like that person this month is going to be great. If in your natal chart I I'm repeating that if in your natal chart if the alignments are supporting career you are a career some people are like born for career. Okay. Now if if your chart indicates such a thing then this month is excellent. Now if your chart indicates otherwise like you are like a a person who freenatured guy who dislikes to take responsibility then this month will be like a overload for you headache for fine all these are based on the shabukti is one thing and how your nal chart is carved out carved out okay that let's see what is the Third, taking leave or break from work and completing a project and move on. Expenses related to career thinking of quitting, shifting or changing direction and working quietly without much visibility. So that is why this emoji, right? So it is going to be a career inensive or job intensive month. Okay, that is simarashi for you. Overall May, the month of May teaches you success outside means a little means little if peace inside is missing. Fine. Right. Now we go to the sixth sign of Kal pushi Virgo. Shani is in seventh house which is testing the relationship. Guru is in 10th house though seem like a good thing but career-wise test testing events are happening to okay right thinker thinking emoji or confused emoji between May 1 to 11 planning or postponing longd distance travel. Okay, maybe you would have planned for going for a long trip. Build your image also that may not happen or getting cancelled at the last deep conversation with mentor, father or guru like figure. Reading, learning or exploring spiritual or philosophical topics. Sudden insight about past karma or life direction. You know sometimes we might be brooding about what happened, what chances we missed in this lifetime. Some clarity may come like why we are seeing the same kind of situation again and again that sudden insight may come. Okay. Right. Let's go to the phase two. So here it's all about yourself. Solo travel or planning a retreat or pilgrimage. That tendency is coming from phase one. Spending time alone to think or reset. Speaking the truth openly. Taking initiative to learn a new skill or course. Writing, journaling or sharing deep thoughts. Okay. So it is more focused on yourself. Kanyarashi. Second phase is somewhat okay. Third phase is excellent. So it starts with somewhat confused state and moves on to a progressive chapter gains through teaching and consulting. Okay. Meeting people who align with your thinking opportunities through social or professional networks. Recognition for your knowledge or ideas. Planning long-term goal with clarity. So the third phase is excellent. The month starts with a slow m slowish momentum and gains traction. Okay. Right. Overall, the month of May helps you upgrade your belief system and attract the right opportunities. Good. Virgo is good. Right. Now we enter the tula rashi kalapusha 7th house. Okay. For you guys. For you guys. Shani is in your sixth house. Shani is in your sixth house. So work related pressure and minor uh day-to-day challenge either with regard to health or anything these sort of things might be happening out. Let's see what's in hold for you. Right. Bandage. So uh yeah deep conversation with partner about trust, money or future. Discovering hidden financial details which has been you know uh which has been either clouded or no clarity was there previously but now it becomes you know you want to dig up things and find whatever the details are. Family discussion become emotionally intense. This is very true for you especially uh in a scenario where shi is in your sixth house. Sudden expenses related to joint finances feeling more attached or sensitive in close relationship. So relationship related things are going to get focused in the in the first phase of the month that is still 11th in the second phase gains through insurance shared assets or unexpected sources possible possible. Okay, speaking in financial discussion, conflict due to money or balance. Okay, be very mindful about this point. Conflict due to money or values. Let go of you know uh sometimes relationships are more important than the money. So you you don't you don't have to constantly you know uh like remind the other party that you owe me um 50,000 20,000 something like that. You just you just let go. Let go means don't totally let go. Just don't over pressure on the other part. Okay. Because this month is not that good for uh such a thing. That's why realizing which friends or networks are truly supporting setting boundaries in financial or emotional exchanges. Fine. Right. Second change in job role or responsibility. When I say change in job role or responsibility, it means at least the ideas will cross the mind or in your office and extra task can be given to you. Change in job role or responsibilities. Maybe a department change, maybe uh you know um a new or additional task something. Thinking about switching career or work state. Handling confidential or sensitive work matters. Sudden opportunity that require quick decision making. Maybe I should have put some clarity on that point. Okay. Yeah. If I explain now it might take some time. Okay. Increased focus on long-term career stability. So, so this phase is very important for you guys. Okay. But overall the month of May pushes you pushes you to go deep, speak your truth and realign your career. Now we come to the very important rashi of the zodiac, the eighth sign, Scorpio, the house of transformation. You have shi in your fifth house. That means your puna whatever you have to get by your fate is getting unlocked slowly slowly. Okay. Guru is there in your 8th house but by this June he'll be moving to your 9inth house. This is going to be a fantabulous period. Sufas shani heavyweight planet 9inth house guru exalted uh guru in your 9inth house. This is going to be a fantabulous period not only for you richi guys but for you know as a whole world itself except for a few countries it may be uh for the whole world in the sense like renewed sense of uh hope will come. Okay. Currently we have been seeing a lot of war and uh these things. Now people might have lost their hope and you know they have a very bleak view about the future but guru is hope when he comes to his exalted position the hope renewal of hope will take place. Okay. Right. We will we will write a very elaborate thing in astro wisdom. Please check uh regularly the astro wisdom section of the Okay. Right. It's a bandage head emoji. Right. So what and all expected taking a strong stand in workplace or partnership is is will be there will be there. Public recognition or when it is not handled properly it can turn into a criticism also. Okay. conflict with authority or partner due to ego. So have this point at the back of your mind. Okay? Have this point at the back of your be very mindful. Feeling I need to prove myself the push of individuality will be there. Important career decision. Okay. for the sake of short-term I'm I'm just giving as a piece of advice for all the rashies but it is very much applicable for bridge rashi for the sake of short term don't take long-term decision if something is not working good just think about what and all good has happened in the past with regard to that thing okay postpone that decision understood for the sake of short-term good or that don't take long-term decision like if some friend is not uh you know uh recently is not working out good don't let the relationship okay rightly now let's move on to the third phase phase one was not good phase two was somewhat uh it's kind of bad only phase three is compared to phase one and two phase three is good okay traveling with partner for temple trip or work related purpose. Work related purpose means what you will travel with your business partner. Okay. Traveling with partner means your spouse for temple trips. Discussion about future plans, marriage or commitments. Meeting a mentor or advisor who guides you. Resolving conflicts through understanding and maturity. Aligning relationship decision with your feelings. Okay. So, it's it ends with a good note. Overall, May teaches you, the month of May teaches you strong relationships are built through patience and not control. with chigarashi people are generally you know measur because it belongs to uh mangala I mean Mars right so they have the tendency to control because of insecurity can be because of fear or it can be because of other okay right Sagittarius tan rash between May 1 to 11 turning a hobby into work or responsibility. Okay, your fifth and sixth house is getting connected. That is why this prediction increased workload or new task at office. So things are going to come in routine. Okay, day-to-day habit like things starting a gym, diet or disciplined routine, spending on travel, relaxation or luxury, minor minor health concerns due to stress or imbalance. That is phase one for you. Phase two feeling tired or mentally drained from continuous work planning travel retreat or trick spending on courses learning or spiritual activities. Why? Because sun would have moved to by this time this phase two sun would have moved to Taurus rishabarashi and is connected with surya's nakhatra itself kitika spending on courses learning or spiritual activities differences with mentor boss or belief system wanting to quit or change the direction temporarily somewhat somewhat okay some something you can manage Phase three the last few days sudden workload or crisis at work dealing with the debts loans or financial adjustments health attention needed. Okay, this is particularly important for you guys. The phase three dhur rashi because 8th house is getting the is shadowing the last few weeks facing hidden issues or truths in work or routine. Letting go of old habits force Okay. Why? Why the the idea behind the last point is either you have to drop or you'll be forcefully asked to drop. Okay. Because 8th house is coming into right. Overall the month of May teaches you consistency in effort builds the strength to handle sudden changes. So this word sudden changes is because of the 8th house thing coming into action. So being prepared macarash the natural 10th house Capricorn you guys are having shi in your third house which is kind of a good okay between May 1 to 11 the first phase spending time at home spending time uh you know in home focusing on comfort or family wanting Good. Working on a creative idea. Good. Thinking seriously about love, commitment or children. Very good. Meeting friends. So overall the first phase, the first 11 days is super duper good. Okay. Maharash. Understood. Fourth and fifth house is getting connected. So it is about uh peace and rest. Right. Between May 11 to 25, the second phase, sudden shift in romantic relationship, deep bonding or conflict. Okay. Why? because sun because uh sun's uh this thing sun's what should I say sun is as sun has moved to rishabarashi and is aspected by uh shi okay that is why these points have been written okay two ashakas are getting activated gains through unexpected sources or contacts arguments or ego clashes with friends are good realizing hidden intentions of people around you. This is also a realization phase. Understood? Right. Right. So third phase, taking a step forward in relationship. It can be a proposal, commitment or a clarity talk also. Okay. By this time, sun would have moved into working collaborating with someone creative or professionally. meeting someone through shared interest. So it's all about relationship wanting etc etc. Okay, this can be a little agile uh what should I say volatile period for you guys. Okay, balancing personal I mean volatile in the sense like emotionally volatile. Okay, especially in the relationship phase, balancing personal desires with partner's expectations. Overall, the month of May guides you to understand your heart deeply and express it through meaningful connections. Fine. Okay. Let's move on to umbashi. The 11th sign of kal pushi for you guys. Shani is in second house itself. Okay. which is good in a way, which is bad in a way and Shani is in a jalatarash. So more often koparashi people you know uh lately in the last one year or so uh they can connect with this. They can be seen cursing people a lot. Okay. and be very mindful that can come into reality also. Second house relates your mo speaking etc. Shani comes there and it is in a jarati means whatever you curse and more often he makes the tendency or bless both can come true but more often it is the curse. Understood? Be very very very mindful about what you talk especially within your Okay. Don't say any bad uh bad thing about anyone. Okay. Now let's go to phase one. Fixing or improving home renovation, cleaning, rearranging. Good. Handling family responsibilities or discussions. Very good. Okay. Working from home or focusing on comfort while working. Having all the snacks around you, having a comfortable seat while working. So all these things can be there. Emotional conversations with siblings are closer. Wanting recognition at work but prioritizing ease. Okay. Now sun has moved into connection. That is phase two. balancing partner's expectation. Okay. So this is all about relationship. I mean like spouse relationship, business partner, something like balancing partner's expectation with family's responsibility. Discussions about relocation, home or living situation, increased visibility or pressure at work, conflicts with boss or partner due to priorities, taking leadership role or making bold career decisions. Possible possible if your career if your current dashabti if your current dashabti is not that supportive enough to career means this can be a challenging phase to umbashi people see um it can be in both good as well as bad way. Okay. Making bold career decisions. See when the career related astro factors is primed towards you know a not not so good way then this bold career decisions can lead you to somewhere into deep rattle. But if it is prime towards uh in a good way okay then this bold career decisions can lead you to next next level. Understood? things depend on your dasha as well as how the planets are arranged in your native chart. Fine. Good. Now to the third phase. Managing household responsibilities along with work. Starting a routine. Okay. Minor stress but due to balancing home and work. Taking care of family health or your good good somewhat good escape. Overall the month of May teaches you emotional stability is the base for handling outer responsibility. Fine. Good. Now we come to the very last sign of Kalushi Minarashi. Mininaashi guys chi is there in your head itself strongly directing redirecting from destiny point of. Okay. You might have um by now it's already uh more than oneplus year now. By now you would have realized how or you would have even discussed with your friends also how strangely this destiny acts. Okay. uh you people might think like coincidence but I mean for Midarashi people may think it is coincident but very aptly it will you know direct you towards the right people right event or to a wrong event. How did he even end up here? A thing which would have been a like just another normal day could have been you know totally good or totally bad. In contrast Shani is the contrast guy. He gives contrast to the events very good very bad like that. Okay. Whereas Surya Sun the opposite of Sheni is is like a very uh he is light basically he's very transparent right he can go to any extent in any room dark no corner also but without Shani you won't be able to see the contrast. Okay. He's a bad guy. He's a good guy. Both. Right. Phase one may 1 to 11. Starting content creation, writing, communication based work. Super. Okay. Learning a new skill or course. Short trip with family. Possible. Yes, you can go. Permitted. Shi is like go. Short trips are learning or personal growth. Connecting with a mentor or teacher. Okay. Between May 11 to 25. The second phase increased workload. Okay. Post with deadlines or competition in work. Arguments with colleague or people in daily environment. Okay. Taking initiative despite obstacle. Doubts about career path or belief system. Starting a disciplined routine. It's all about sixth house. Sixth house related things getting active during this month. The last six days of this month sharing ideas or content or creative work publicly. Romantic conversation express everything good. Okay. Recognition for your skill or efforts. Troubled period for uh this is very important. So everything good but the last point troubled period for regular job. So if if you if in your chart something challenging is going or in your life uh something challenge is related to job is going means you have to be very careful. Right? So with this the prediction part for this month of May is over. Oh last thing for Minrashi the month of May teaches you turn consistent effort into confident expression. Fine with this I'm concluding the prediction for the month of May. Right Davi in all this. >> Yes. Uh thank you Sva that was great. Uh we do have a few questions. Uh let me just >> give me a second. >> Some questions for you. Yeah. So one of them is uh from an Aries moon sign person. uh he says he or she says none of these predictions work on my moon sign because of sard sati it's just been very troublesome but for Aries moon uh it's sad sadi so are the results not accurate is the question >> sorry in between your voice broke and came back up >> okay the person says that he's an Aries moon sign and he's right now going through sad sati uh So are the results not not accurate is this question. >> Okay. Based on what I heard um me rashi sati. Yes. Now whether it is sad shadi period is for 7 and a half years. And do you mean to say like over this entire 7 and a half years no good thing will happen. Some or the other it is like u you know some or the other time something good will happen. that internal in between relief period consider this prediction transit prediction something like okay Shani isn't like always forcing you to have a bad thing for this entire 7 and a half years actually uh let me tell one important point if you please excuse me sadi is a very important period and if the person who is asking is like in the 20s 30s or something like that means it is during this period you will get settled in your life. Buying a home, getting a job permanency or flying abroad due to uh this thing job onsite travel uh relationship wise whatever it is sad sati is a very important period. Whatever needs to be delivered because of your destiny fate will be delivered during this period. It's not a bad thing at all. It is a pressureful period but it is only during this period you will get settled. Okay. Right. >> Okay. Great. Um one question please. Can you tell why everything is decided and nothing can change it? >> Who said nothing can change? So the basic so the basic idea behind this astrology is say for example let me take a very lame example I'm the astrologer I'm saying like uh tomorrow afternoon you're going to eat cur rice now you have the power to change into sambar rice right right or not so there are certain things which is like definitive definitive can't be changed Okay, that there are uh that can be seen from the chart and there are things which can be changed by human effort. There are there are there is one two important aspect in a chart. Third house and 9inth house. 9inth house is called the fate house of Bhagya divinity everything etc. Third house is called human effort. You should not underestimate human effort. It is placed just across third house is placed just across you know 7th to 9th house. That means human effort is very much valued. Okay. Astrology is just to have a likely idea about what can happen. If at all something bad is about to happen, we can be very mindful about that and act accordingly. If something good is going to happen, let's not overjoy celebrate. Let me let us be in tone something like Okay. Right. Okay. Uh great. Uh one more question. Um Moon Saturn in Aries 4th house. Life feels very depressive and unstable relationship with mother even sati right now. So I'm fully detached from the world. Need some guidance. Uh Saturn moon Saturn. Okay. Life feels very depressive and unstable relationship with the mother. Given Sadi now I'm fully detached from board. Okay, this looks like a thing for consultation. This is a transit based prediction. Now this is different from what is happening already in your life. So book a consultation in a from our app you will be guided in a good way the clarity. >> Great. Um another question Mina Mina Rashi moon sign it is is it the right time to explore entrepreneurship in content creation currently in corporate world for the last 18 years >> for Minarashi. Okay, for Minarashi um the second phase or the first phase and second phase both will be uh both are supportive enough but this is a long but but see to the transit prediction is shortterm. Okay, transit prediction is for shortterm. Don't consider it like a long-term prediction for this month. This is applicable. That is the idea behind that. Okay, you can always check with our astrologist in the app. Okay, whether if if this thing is a long-term idea means whether you can pursue it for a long term or not. Fine. Good. >> Okay. Uh next question. If someone has Taurus moon sign and ascendant is Capricorn, how will this prediction work? You you consider Taurus Taurus as your this thing moon sign and read the Taurus content. Yeah. Okay. Next question is Jupiter transit to cancer does it have any effect? >> Jupiter transit to cancer have any effect? it is going to have effect and you will see uh you know not even to not even June by the end of uh you know uh May somewhere around May 20th etc etc it has actually from my understanding it is already started giving effect okay so by May 20th and these things and all guru in Karashi fall will start giving uh results >> May 20th. Okay. >> Ah bet it is already started the gig. So June by the month of June he will be transiting. So you will see very much visible result. All the background work which needs to be done for this uh you know uh based on guru's transit is already taking place. That is what I'm able to see from what people are saying coming for consultation I'm able to see things are already in motion. >> I see. Nice. Um yeah, next question is u can you please expand on the ritual for chitra pami chitra pami pima? >> Yeah >> chitra pami or chitra puna both indicates the same >> um it is when moon forms pami or pimati on top of chitra nakhatra. Okay. Now during this day Chitra Gupta like uh he can rewrite basically on that day. So what we do uh back in South India is we used to worship Chitra Gupta for you know uh please reduce the papa count I mean like uh sin count under sin and something like that basically something like that. that it is also a day a very good day with regard to manifestation. Okay. Now what you can do is uh I will tell you this go to astro astro wisdom section. Today evening I have written an article on uh this chitra pawami. Okay there is a bit on how to do the manifestation ritual. It holds good for the next one year till the next chitra pam. Okay. Right. >> Okay. Last question. Can you uh can you please explain which houses are human effort driven and which are destiny dri driven >> from lagna's point of view third house and 9inth house okay from lagna's point of view third house is human effort 9inth house is destiny uh higher divinity uh divine power guidance father everything everything that you know uh gives clarity to us from higher above. Third house is all based on human effort. If you are a learner in astrology, you can apply the same concept for each and every house. For first house, what it is generally third house and 9th house. From second house, what is the third house? Uh from second house, what is the ninth house? Something like that. >> That's it. Done. >> Yeah. These are the questions we have as of now. >> Great. So, uh, everyone please do not forget to check the astro wisdom section. You have something exciting there for tomorrow. Chitra porni. Uh, there's a beautiful manifestation ritual as Selva explained. And um also please do book your consultations if you have specific questions um that are very u pertinent only to your horoscope. uh because these are transit based and these are very generic. So if it's something very pertinent to yours then you're better off um booking a consultation or an astro forecast if you have very specific questions right and um yeah see you see you next month for the June predictions by the time cancer uh sorry Jupiter will be just you know just about one you know step away from cancer so we'll have some very exciting predictions and we'll be also looking forward to hearing from you how May went for you and do tell us if some of these predictions did come out true in your case. What did you think? How did the month go? We'll be very very happy to hear from you. Thank you very much and take care of yourselves. Namaste. Appreciate it.